# A Vampire Story 
 
# Project Description:
This project is the result of our team’s elaboration on the framework of option two from the assignment prompt. From our last remaining brain cells, we present “A Vampire Story.” The concept of this project was to create a series of videos that follow the odd story of a student investigation into the sighting of a vampire on campus. We wanted to create a Camp infused video experience that felt spontaneous and student-made. As for the video’s website, we wanted to hone in on the investigative and performative undertones of the video, finding ways to incorporate both true crime and theater related framing in our interactivity. We hope that all viewers will enjoy the seriousness with which we pursued the absurdity of our project.  
 
# Process: 
To keep our project organized, we worked in stages: 
Script and Shot list: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lpt9Ya5PP_zbjpq2Nif8bAZbrwT6R30XWbuhB4oeOG8/edit?usp=sharing
Linked above was our working script and shot list for the filming of this project. Influenced by our early plans for the website, we first decided the general frame of progression in the story (i.e. “the spotting,” “the pursuit”). Once we defined how the story would progress we generated ideas of what could happen in each scene with a focus on how we move from scene to scene with continuity. It was during the scripting process that we decided to make this project super campy, therefore, we also spent time generating jokes through the details of the plot and side characters. During the time spent compiling a shot list, we had to get on the same page about how to envision the visuals of the film. In making the shots list we were primarily concerned with the angles of the camera (i.e. taking video of Noah the vampire from slightly below and of Dev from headon) to signal a perceived power difference. We also wanted to collect shots that gave a range of angles and frame widths.  
Filming and Editing: During filming we had the opportunity to revise some of our initial decisions. Firstly, we decided to shoot the videos from an iphone instead of a traditional camera from the school. This decision was made because we had developed a character of an inept camera-girl to make it feel real-time and student-based. Later, however, during filming we realized that we had too few people to be behind the camera filming at any one time and therefore amended our script so that Dev and an unknown cameraperson capture these events. In terms of editing, the reduced number of shot angles equated to these longer takes which makes the film feel more like it was shot as this reactive, in-the-moment recording and documentation of an incident. Within editing we also leveraged the use of sound effects and short video animation to play up the theatrical and over the top nature of this film. We didn’t want viewers to forget that this is a film, and in those ways we too wanted to play into this familiar and comical history of video. 
 
# Website:  
We knew that we wanted to create short clips plotted along a timeline from the very beginning of our project contraception. We felt that since this is an ironic take of a video documentary, it would be best to pull from the true crime investigation genre to reiterate our point through the use of plotting a story in a linear way for the audience. We embedded our videos within the timeline so that the pop-ups are the main focus of your attention, then exit back to the timeline for the next section. This website was designed to be a static website iteration of the true crime storytelling framework. Next we focused on color scheme, as this is a vampire themed film we chose a color palette that was red, black, and white--as these colors are most traditionally associated with vampires. As an easter egg we also made the cursor an animated bat to play with vampire imagery and mirror the primary object that incites the video’s whole chain of events. To add a flair of drama, storytelling, and interactivity we also chose to include both a big title screen and a lineup of the actors from the project. The title screen, including both the title and a disclaimer, was designed to reference the title screens from the film and video genre. The staring lineup was our website interpretation of a play’s cast of characters list. In every aspect of this website’s design, we pulled from true crime and theatrical spaces then twisted them with vampire-esque themes to both enhance and complement our video experience.  
 
 
 
 
# Reflection/Evaluation:
As this was our first time working to create a video experience, there was the need to make on the fly changes and decisions to our original scripting and shot list during filming and editing--a process which is detailed above. However, our overall goal was to be humorous and outlandish in the execution of our narrative and its presentation within the website it is housed. Despite changes during execution, we are all super proud of the final project. It was through the fine tuning of small details in our plot and website design that we were able to fulfill what we set out to create. 
